utility programs
as the use of Markov EU exclave
It will be useful to learn about some official
programs presented in
operating system
since you won't be quite often them
use
to start it rendered on the panel
quick launch dock
to do this open fainberg
go to the program folder by clicking
her lateral minimum or
use keyboard shortcut
heaps of teams plus latin a
in the program park at the bottom of the list double
click on the service folder
of programs
Now we will put on the debt and utilities panel
which include
terminal system monitor and disk
utility
for this alternately highlight and
hold the required and elements
and before Duskey go to their banal duty
start the system monitor by clicking on
debt icon
as you can see this utility is very similar
on the task manager windows
all are displayed in the program window
running processes
moving through sections
located at the bottom of the window you
can get acquainted with the download
images only
worked RAM and
work and hard drive
amount of hard disk space and
network activity
now run the terminal program
she is a command
the string
who are used to windows users
many operating system settings
can be made only by executing
defined by the command in the window
terminal
disk utility is used to carry out
various hard disk operations and
image creation
for people involved in working with
images will be useful
use another important utility
which allows you to determine the color of any
objects on a computer screen
open the attendants utility program
and drag applications
panel calorimeter duty
running the program you will see a small
window which is displayed
enlarged area around the mouse pointer
and in the right part of the window will be displayed
color value in selected color
space
the default color value will be taken
from one pixel above which is
cursor
to increase chikovani area
move the slider aperture to
required position